OK so now that you have downloaded both files because you can into to city and Section 3 is great.
How do we get it to work in pajamas.
Well first things first we need to open the pajamas for lunch just make it a bit bigger.
And here as you can see just click conservers postgresql databases post-grads Doocey like just regular
database.
All is good old working doesn't show any errors show any mistakes.
That's perfect.
So now what we need to do we need to create a new database.
You can call it whatever you want.
I want to call it consumer complaints.
Just so we understand what we're working with later on.
So all night and time here.
You can skip creating new database for every section but I would strongly advise against that just so
the habit that different tables have to be in different databases.
So now if we click on it the cross disappears we're in the database it's connected.
Everything's good here.
So what we do right now is we need to go to schemas public and then check table.
So because it shows nothing that means there's absolutely nothing inside this database.
What we need to do right click on tables or on any element on the dropdown menu and select query tool.
Now that the query tool is often what you want to do is open up your docs file.
Select this code copy it and insert it.
Now this is just this window here and make sure that it's all correct and so on the stakes as you can
see it returns that return successfully.
In Hungary 28 milliseconds now it says great table query turn successfully in 128 seconds.
Again this is just repetition.
In case you missed that small window that's a good.
Great.
So now let's go right click on tables refresh it.
Now we get that we have one table that consists of 18 columns and that's exactly what we want to see.
Now let's go ahead.
Select anywhere inside the consumer complaints database.
Right click so like Querrey toll we can go and close this one.
Don't worry about it.
We don't need to use it again.
So now let's open up fuzzy gray section free as you all upload code.
And here if you're working on Mac you want to copy this and put it here.
And if you're working on Windows you want to copy editor the text and copy it into your Jetman.
The most important thing here is that all of the code is correct.
You just have to make sure that the read part corresponds with the location and the name of your file.
For example right here right now the consumer complaints city is located on users Elior Menko desktop.
Right.
But as you can see the SMB file was renamed and all we need to do is change it here.
Just make sure because otherwise you will get mistakes you will not be able to access the file and you
will spend a lot of time searching for mistakes and one don't mistake you've done is just incorrectly
put the name of the file.
So now if we press a we can see that it's copying it copied sixty five thousand four hundred ninety
nine rows inside this table which is insane.
So all we need to do right now.
It's already uploaded all the data is there but if you don't trust me stick around.
Let's go ahead.
Select all deleted.
Select.
All right.
This from.
And then we input the name of the table.
Don't worry you will learn all this and thinks in the section.
This is just show you that old data is there is save is correct.
This will take a minute or two on my machine to run.
It's pretty slow.
So while it's doing so the only mistake the only mistake or rather bog.
The only other mistake or other inconvenience that you will most run with exporting and importing data
is that as you well we'll keep giving you the error that there is no such file or directory.
And this is not the fact that there is no desktop or not the fact that there is no consumer complaints
file is due to the fact that if you click here and go to get infl In Windows you can do it in properties
that we were not mistaken.
You will see that there is sharing and permissions that so you have to make sure that everybody has
read and write permissions.
And sometimes you have to go to the folder and change the permissions.
The whole folder.
So as you can access it so it does go the same way so get info make sure it's all read and write for
everybody.
This is a pretty big deal.
And this is where a lot of times we all have the same annoying mistake.
There is no such file and directory and if you forget about this you will have a lot of time trying
to solve an issue that there isn't any.
So now as you can see the query is still being executed I'll just fast for that for you.
Oh never mind this just on time.
So if we just go this fullscreen we can see a bit clearer now.
What does.
It basically displaces the same table that we had in Excel.
And your question might be well why do we need this.
Then why not just use the Excel file and while Excel looks pretty and you can color it nicely.
This puts efficiency and productivity over everything else.
Them all in a function zem out of commands.
You can do with this data with this table with this database is incredible and it truly is amazing what
we can do and what you will be able to achieve by the end of this course.
So I hope this wasn't too hard for you.
I know it's quite a lot to get your hand around but just remember to copy the code from the super data
science slash ASCII well and then you'll be all right.
I'll see you in the next one.